Adopt Common SDK logging parsing logic (#5604)
mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android: CHANGELOG.md

Mapbox welcomes participation and contributions from everyone.

## Unreleased

> - Adopted Common SDK logging parsing logic so it's consistent across Mapbox SDKs. As an example, this is how the logs would look like `D/Mapbox: [nav-sdk] [ConnectivityHandler] NetworkStatus=ReachableViaWiFi`. [#5604](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/5604)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Adopted Common SDK log messages parsing logic so it's consistent across Mapbox SDKs. As an example, this is how the logs would look like `D/Mapbox: [nav-sdk] [ConnectivityHandler] NetworkStatus=ReachableViaWiFi`. [#5604](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/5604)
```
nit
